square
21 22 cm
original site
oh well I'm one of the most famous
taxi driver city hero york
Rome about a certain
or nickname m man computer what
it means if you don't call any
the date you are interested in then the number of months of the year
date so immediately tell you what day
weeks this happened calculated it
connected died head that's why man
computer and that girl operator you
said you were born on the tenth
November of what year
but it was freedom I already paid off
I have been saying for a day that it was Saturday
cities of your birth know on
didn't really know the authorities and not
for the sake I was born in the message of the glavka
Kazakh registry office I do not really know me
helped cut
he was shown us with a knife i don't know who and
what is work and original answer
so far the matter can be determined by
This data where the birth of the case is
let's say if the situation required with
Ilves readers can do it
Alza I will say that I was born about
between the period of atyrau astrakhan st
its area
especially when next measure
can't you say so we can't
progress of the case, the demonstration
taxi passengers myself
he usually protein and pushed aside and
did like a yellow taxi so yes
officially called this one
from varieties of urban taxis
comic 1 classic
percentage of people stopping
percentage of the car raising hands
Help service or this execution
phone order of the population too
somewhat different
although with the circulation of the variety so
Began Shilovtsev village incurred a record for
for recycling
as a consequence in which he described what
done tonight
I’m interested in West Russia I think
year was three weeks per second
and all this for passengers and why it is done
next year's questions that is almost ten
years ago
This is the result of the percentage of passengers
often happens in the very taxi today for the whole
our life
most don't give extra
such as there only for a short time
type this tip here is a replacement shirak america
accepted
tip and yes the waiter
taxi driver prices and
about 15 percent that is all
proposed children to children of the restaurant
challenges
do not give out for $ 20
taken to this as a matter of fact 200 dollars
add read to the stage faster
dollars
that is, not 20 23 dollars
very good service more and bad
Smaller and do not allow an example
such a planet
America ends here it is very
accepted 1000 other countries your emotions
conspiracy taxi drivers of problems which
is what
people coming from Dagestan is not about that
they do not know about the security officer from attacks 12
dollars to 12 dollars
because in his country in europe it is
time
no one knows
then the Russians tip the district ruler
cheats
as stated in the answer hood theory
probabilities that the renault grand expression is
there is
percent
we talk about a lot of travel
Russian speakers are exactly the same as everyone
rest
have been who goes very nice ones
victories that are usually a variety of
which means more than a hundred passengers so for
additional type will be equipped with a dollar
2 3 5 10 most terrible stories of the year 130
dollars
In addition, for this, he apparently immediately is mine
ability to stop making a gift
That such things of course if I say
that the school manages to make it
let's say in two days
interest that is there at all
Legislative Council of Belarus for
one hour of work of all mankind and in this
year
I heard local
For example, touch the gynecologist ahead
You can from thousands of brochures such
this terrible is always better costs you need
money area staff
medicines taxes all the same but all the same
this is money 6926
and then of course his bear is several hundred
dollars is obtained 24 hours before it's not
this
the main thing is that it is moral
the pleasure that there are
the fact is he
but alexey
percent we all have quota by method
loves it now still goes and composes music
Claude Trichet about pictures only
most of us have come across such
a problem
that no one wants to consider these very
infiniti nobody wants to learn what
no one wants to look at the picture
and people want success
units and achieve such success or
let's say alla pugacheva and a time machine
Valery Valerievich is money
everything else is just one hit
comstar 45 dispensing
no, I didn't like that day
this saturday day i cant i remember
there it turned out yes there and the results
Immediately and did not count two
weeks to saturday work saturday
so can't
I will sell May
but very important is not only
this is our country just what
I earn extra money
I am the most dopamine
Newly paid taxis
york
the fact is that she can and that has
because for in their
the trouble is difficult
at work Khabarovsk
and how will you be
I love to tie
I like to read a lot of money which
bring home the current brain can
expenses account 3 0
I like to read, I like to have
deal with numbers even this if on paper or
even if these
this money
It has only the fact that my and any money I
just love reading money then started
engage in the development of scandal in the press about
a lot
can be counted worth noting that
pleasure will ask these questions
no problem with adaptation